auto connect updated (#9)
ton-connect/docs: bridge.md

    Accept: text/event-stream
```

> **lastEventId** – is eventId of last SSE event wallet got over bridge. In this case wallet will fetch all the events which happened after last connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**lastEventId** – is eventId of the last SSE event wallet got over bridge. In this case wallet will fetch all the events which happened after last connection.
```

If the app was previously approved for the current account — connects silently with ConnectEvent.

#### restoreConnection()

> Sends reconnection request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends the reconnection request. 
```

> Sends reconnection request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempts to restore the previous connection. 
```

> If the app was previously approved for the current account — connects silently with previous `ConnectEvent` (may include ton_proof).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app was previously approved for the current account — connects silently with the new `ConnectEvent` with only a `ton_addr` data item.
```

If the app was previously approved for the current account — connects silently with ConnectEvent.

#### restoreConnection()

Sends reconnection request. 

If the app was previously approved for the current account — connects silently with previous `ConnectEvent` (may include ton_proof).

> Else if the app was not previously approved but app with same domain name was (via http bridge) — connects silently with `ConnectEvent` excluding `ton_proof`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Else returns `ConnectEventError` with error code 300.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise returns `ConnectEventError` with error code 300.
```

Returns unsubscribe function.

Currently, only `disconnect` event is available. Later there will be a switch account event and other wallet events.

#### disconnect()

> Must be called when user clicks "Disconnect button" in the app. Allows the wallet to update its interface to the disconnected state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Must be called when the user clicks "Disconnect" in the app. Allows the wallet to update its interface to the disconnected state.
```

> After `disconnect()` has been called, the wallet will remove permissions to current account for the app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After `disconnect()` has been called, the wallet removes the dapp from the list of dapps.
```
